chore: add `pprint()` and `pformat()` methods to RESTObject (#1812)
python-gitlab/python-gitlab: docs/api-usage.rst

   project = gl.projects.get(1)
   project.star()

You can print a Gitlab Object. For example:

.. code-block:: python

   project = gl.projects.get(1)
   print(project)

>    # Or in a prettier format. These two are equivalent.
>    print(project.pformat())
>    project.pprint()

Reviewer: Just thinking if we should show them separately a little bit to emphasize it's 2 ways of doing the same thing rather than 2 steps.

```suggestion
   # Print in a prettier format.
   print(project.pformat())
   
   # Or explicitly via `pformat()`. This is equivalent to the above.
   project.pprint()
```

Author: Done. Though I flipped `pprint` and `pformat` as I think that is what you meant.
